README.md, before:

# Bank Tech Test in JavaScript

## Requirements
You should be able to interact with your code via the JavaScript console.
Deposits, withdrawal.
Account statement (date, amount, balance) printing.
Data can be kept in memory (it doesn't need to be stored to a database or anything).

### Acceptance criteria
Given a client makes a deposit of 1000 on 10-01-2012
And a deposit of 2000 on 13-01-2012
And a withdrawal of 500 on 14-01-2012
When she prints her bank statement
Then she would see

```
date       || credit  || debit  || balance
14/01/2012 ||         || 500.00 || 2500.00
13/01/2012 || 2000.00 ||        || 3000.00
10/01/2012 || 1000.00 ||        || 1000.00
```
## Planning and Approach: 

### Approach
- With the given requirements, I created [user stories](#user-stories) and [edge cases](#edge-cases)
- I decided to create 3 classes, `Account`, `Transaction` and `Satement` in order to maintatin single responsibility principle
- To help understand what I needed for each class, I created a domain model to help understand what I intended what each class would hold
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary>Domain Models</summary>
<br>
<img src="/public/images/domain_model_bttJS.png">
</details>
<br>

### User Stories
```
As a client
So that I can be smart with my money
I would like to open a bank account with default balance of £0.00
```
```
As a client
So that I can store money in my account
I would like to be able to make a deposit
```
```
As a client
So that I can use my money
I would like to be able to make a withdrawal
```
```
As a client
So that I can keep an eye on my finances
I would like to be able to see my bank balance
```
```
As a client
So that I can view my account
I would like to be able to print a dated bank statement of my transactions
```
### Edge Cases
```
As a client
So that I am not taking out an overdraft
I would like to be notified if I withdraw over my balance
```
```
As a client
So that I am not taking out the correct amount
I would like to be notified if I try to withdraw an amount less than £0
```
```
As a client
So that I am depositing the correct amount 
I would like to be notified if I try to deposit an amount less than £0
```

### Notes: <br>
 withdrawal [- if sufficient_funds?] - add to transaction_history (private method) <br>
 balance (iterates through transaction history) <br>
 @transaction_history = [] 
<br>

## How to use

## How to run tests
To install Jest run
```
yarn add --dev jest
```

## Code Dependecies
  - JavaScript
  - Jest
  - REPL

Commit message:

PASSING TEST: practice test passing, connection running properly and README updated with instructions on how to run Jest Tests

README.md, after:

# Bank Tech Test in JavaScript

## Requirements
You should be able to interact with your code via the JavaScript console.
Deposits, withdrawal.
Account statement (date, amount, balance) printing.
Data can be kept in memory (it doesn't need to be stored to a database or anything).

### Acceptance criteria
Given a client makes a deposit of 1000 on 10-01-2012
And a deposit of 2000 on 13-01-2012
And a withdrawal of 500 on 14-01-2012
When she prints her bank statement
Then she would see

```
date       || credit  || debit  || balance
14/01/2012 ||         || 500.00 || 2500.00
13/01/2012 || 2000.00 ||        || 3000.00
10/01/2012 || 1000.00 ||        || 1000.00
```
## Planning and Approach: 

### Approach
- With the given requirements, I created [user stories](#user-stories) and [edge cases](#edge-cases)
- I decided to create 3 classes, `Account`, `Transaction` and `Satement` in order to maintatin single responsibility principle
- To help understand what I needed for each class, I created a domain model to help understand what I intended what each class would hold
<br>
<br>
<details>
<summary>Domain Models</summary>
<br>
<img src="/public/images/domain_model_bttJS.png">
</details>
<br>

### User Stories
```
As a client
So that I can be smart with my money
I would like to open a bank account with default balance of £0.00
```
```
As a client
So that I can store money in my account
I would like to be able to make a deposit
```
```
As a client
So that I can use my money
I would like to be able to make a withdrawal
```
```
As a client
So that I can keep an eye on my finances
I would like to be able to see my bank balance
```
```
As a client
So that I can view my account
I would like to be able to print a dated bank statement of my transactions
```
### Edge Cases
```
As a client
So that I am not taking out an overdraft
I would like to be notified if I withdraw over my balance
```
```
As a client
So that I am not taking out the correct amount
I would like to be notified if I try to withdraw an amount less than £0
```
```
As a client
So that I am depositing the correct amount 
I would like to be notified if I try to deposit an amount less than £0
```

### Notes: <br>
 withdrawal [- if sufficient_funds?] - add to transaction_history (private method) <br>
 balance (iterates through transaction history) <br>
 @transaction_history = [] 
<br>

## How to use

## How to run tests
To install Jest run
```
yarn add --dev jest
```
To run test 
```
yarn test
```
or 
```
yarn watch
```
## Code Dependecies
  - JavaScript
  - Jest
  - REPL
